# SiteTesting

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;To start development on this site, I mainly looked to my sitemap to make sure that all of the pages I was adding aligned with my initial organizational strategy for the website. A few difficulties with this arose when I did not understand exactly how the Ananke theme managed pages using Markdown. For example, the difference was not immediately clear between \_index.md files and a normal page file, but this was resolved by looking at the "type" flag and the "menu" flag in the Markdown files for exactly where on the site the pages appear.
<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;This site is built for potential employers in an attempt to represent my accomplishments and skills as a software engineer. The streamlined nature of the page navigation ideally helps show a straightforward and readable approach to displaying information, which aligns with how I attempt to write my code. The landing page has links to my projects under my hero size photo and those serve to show the work I am most proud of relatively prominently. Ideally this guides potential employers to see my work and then, if my projects stand out to them, they likely will be more interested in the rest of the content on my site.
<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
My design decisions align with the professional documents we have made this semester, because I consulted the developer narrative and the site map in order to ensure that the layout and content of the site reflected my original vision. The overall page structure is exactly how I intended in the sitemap with the notable alteration of including separate webpages for each project and including the project pages on the landing page. My skills, experience, and education pages are informed by the corresponding sections on my resume (after revisions made during the cover letter assignment).
